Hi, this is just a short loom to say that I'm,
uhm, I'm intending refreshing my blog,
uhm, by using,
uhm, short loom videos,
uhm, such as this, where I explain,
uhm, something, uhm,
so, some aspect of some work that I'm doing,
uhm, and then I,
uh, and then obviously upload the video.
and embed it, uhm, on my blog,
hopefully with some, uhm, hopefully with some captions
and some links to find out more.
Uhm, yeah, I hope that's interesting.
You can see, if you want to follow
progress, you can look, uhm,
in the commit log, on my blog,
and you can see how I'm using things like this,
uhm, this custom element,
my loom embed as part of the,
part of the embedding process.
Thanks, bye.